Update classes.md (#637)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/classes/classes.md

## For Styling

> The `class` attribute is commonly used for assigning styles to one or more elements. Multiple classes can be assigned to 1 element by putting a space ` ` in between the classes being assigned. Inside the stylesheet, a class name is selected with the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `class` attribute is commonly used for assigning styles to one or more elements. Multiple classes can be assigned to a single element in a space-separated list. (e.g. `class="class1 class2 class3"`)

Inside the stylesheet, a class name is selected with the following syntax:
```
